% Prologue

It was a gray winter day. And as Jack will soon find out, quite a shitty one either.
A pile of bills under his front door reminded him that he’s not been completely forgotten.
Jack got into his pocket, found a key, opened the door and flicked the light switch…
Nothing happened. Another one – same thing. “Right,” he thought, “Guess they’ve got their greedy
hands on my electricity cables this time.” He threw the bills into a trash can and went to the
kitchen to get himself a drink.

It’s not been all rainbows and butterflies for old Jack Peterson lately.
He’s been working at a local gas station in a lonesome town in Arizona ever since he
rotated back from Cambodia in 1975. Even though he hadn’t lost his job after the crisis,
he was barely making enough money to survive, and his bills were growing day-by-day
as if on steroids.

The phone got cut off first. “Whatever,” thought Jack, “I’ve not been using the damn
thing anyway. At least those bloody bastards won’t be able to nag about my
overdue bills anymore”. He was wrong.

Next was hot water and heating. “Oh, screw them! I kinda even like that.
Reminds me of Nam.” Jack was saying to his friends at a pub.

Actually, he didn’t really have any friends, but he liked to call people at the pub
his “fellas”. He even gave some of them nicknames after his fellow comrades.
And he also had one: “Dynamite”. That’s how his brothers-in-arms were calling him, as he was
a leader of a top-secret demolition squad during Vietnam war. Oh boy, he missed his unit!
Those were the most meaningful years of his life. Until one night… Memories of that night
are with him forever. Memories of his comrades screaming and dying in those hostile jungles
after a sudden Korean raid. Jack miraculously survived, being thrown down into a deep well
by the first explosion. He was laying at the bottom, conscious, stagnant water up his throat,
but he couldn’t move or say anything, only listen. Listen as friends were dying on
the surface all around him.

Jack found himself staring at a nicely placed envelope on the table. He was absolutely
sure it wasn’t there when he left the house. Jacked picked it up, and looked around,
checking if there was anyone else in the house. The envelope was made of a high quality
paper and had no return address on it. Jack opened it carefully. Inside was a letter
and a cheque for 500 000 US dollars. The cheque seemed to be real. He looked around
once more and put it aside, then opened the letter. The title was “Welcome back, Dynamite!” and
contained a list of coordinates, dates and a lengthy description of an upcoming mission. Signature was “Don”.


% Mission 1. Amazon Jungle

It all starts in the jungle of Amazon. The target is to find a sacred jade in an ancient Maya settlement, Waka.


% Mission 2. Egyptian dunes

This time you’re supposed to find a lost shrine of Osiris somewhere in the Nile’s delta and steal the manuscript which allows to resurrect people from the dead.

% Mission 3. Antarctic icebergs




% Prologue extra short version

[pixal art of jack's angry face]

I am pissed and I need money. Let's blow up some trash!


% Prologue short version

This day was as usual before I went back to my cheap
appartement located in the shaddy suburbs of <a town name>.

After a night of drinking, I was still able to open my door.
There was no light in the appartement. I prefer to spend my miger
veteran pension on whisky rather than paying my elctricty bills.

Like most survivors, I don't sleep. The alcohol
will help me to go trough this night. It ususally helps me to shadow
the things I wish I never experience in the Vietnamese jungle.

There is an enveloppe on the table. I am sure it wasn’t there
when I left the appartement.

I opened the envelope, inside was a plane ticket
for Peru and 1000$. (who sent it why? no idea)

